[Notifications] Add mail notifications docs (#7063)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/notifications.md

See {py:class}`~mlrun.common.schemas.notification.NotificationKind`.

## Mail notifications

> To send mail notifications, you need to use existing SMTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send mail notifications, you need an existing SMTP server.
```

```python
mail_notification = mlrun.model.Notification(
    kind="mail",
    when=["completed", "error", "running"],
    name="mail-notification",
    message="",
    condition="",
    severity="verbose",
    params={
        "start_tls": True,
        "use_tls": False,
        "validate_certs": False,

>         "email_addresses": ["hegeg56369@inikale.com"],

Reviewer: What is this?
better to use a more generic example , like `user.name@domain.com`

    },
)
```

> We use the [aiosmtplib](https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library for sending the mail notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [aiosmtplib](https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library for sending mail notifications.
```

> We use the [aiosmtplib](https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library to send the mail notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [aiosmtplib](https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library for sending mail notifications.
```

> The `params` field should contain the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `params` argument is a dictionary, that supports the following fields:
```

 - server_host: The SMTP server host.
 - server_port: The SMTP server port.
 - sender_address: The sender email address.
 - username: The username for the SMTP server.
 - password: The password for the SMTP server.
 - email_addresses: The list of email addresses to send the mail to.
 - start_tls: Whether to start the TLS connection.
 - use_tls: Whether to use TLS.

>  - validate_certs: Whether to validate the certificates.

Reviewer: Add type for each, and wether it's optional or required.
From the example above it looks like some fields are optional.

Author: Regarding types - I will add.
All of them are required (if missing, will be filled from the secret).

> About start_tls and use_tls you can read more on [aiosmtplib doc](https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/encryption.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about `start_tls` and `use_tls` on the [aiosmtplib docs].(https://aiosmtplib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/encryption.html).
```

> If one of the above params wasn't set, the default param from the `mlrun-smtp-config` secret will be used.

Reviewer: This is the first time the `mlrun-smtp-config` secret was mentioned. what is it?
At least add `"(see below)"`.

> If one of the above params wasn't set, the default param from the `mlrun-smtp-config` (see below) secret will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Missing params are enriched with default values which can be configured in the `mlrun-smtp-config` kubernetes (see below).
```

> ### MLRun on Iguazio
> If your mlrun deployment is on Iguazio system, you already have a SMTP server.
> For using it you should do the following (with privileged user):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MLRun on Iguazio
If MLRun is deployed on the Iguazio platform, an SMTP server already exists.
To use it, run the following (with privileged user):
```

Also - what is a privileged user? What policy is needed?

```python
import mlrun

mlrun.get_run_db().refresh_smtp_configuration()
```
The `refresh_smtp_configuration` method will get the smtp configuration from the Iguazio platform and set it
as the default smtp configuration (create a `mlrun-smtp-config` with the smtp configuration).
If you edit the configuration on the Iguazio platform, you should run the `refresh_smtp_configuration` method again.

> ### MLRun CE
> For MLRun CE, you should use your own SMTP server.
> For configuring it you should manually set the `mlrun-smtp-config` secret with the default
> params for the SMTP server (server_host, server_port, username, password, etc..).
> If you edit the secret and want to refresh it in the mlrun, you should run the `refresh_smtp_configuration` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MLRun CE
In the community edition, you can use your own SMTP server.
To configure it, manually create the `mlrun-smtp-config` kubernetes secret with the default
params for the SMTP server (`server_host`, `server_port`, `username`, `password`, etc..).
After creating or editing the secret, refresh the mlrun SMTP configuration by running the `refresh_smtp_configuration` method.
```

Reviewer: 1. Does the secret exists and just need to be filled with configuration?
2. It's not clear if the default configurations are required or optional. 
3. What happens if I don't have the secret? will it not work at all or can it work by setting the configurations manually for each notification object?

Author: 1. No - it doesn't  exists, you should create it.
2. It is optional - but you will need explicitly mention for each param that is not in the secret it's value when you create the mail notification object. For example, if server_host is not on the secret, you must provide it as the params of the mail notification object.
3.  See 2.
